.TH XHISHO 1 "15 July 1999" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
XHisho - Private secretary on X Window System
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  xhisho
[toolkit options] [-cgfile [cg filename]] [-timeout [mail window
timeout]] [-mailcheck [mail check interval]] [-filter [filter
command]] [-noclock] [-focus] [-justify [left/center/right]] [-ypos
[n]] [-shape]  [-yserver [youbin server]] [-pserver [POP3 server]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I XHisho
is your private secretary on 
.B X Window System
.

.TP 15
Biff
XHisho works as biff and  show From: and Subject: .

.TP 15
Leave
XHisho notices schedule before some min.

.TP 15
Clock
XHisho works as accessory clock.

.TP 15
Scheduler
XHisho notices your today's schedule.

.TP 15
Greeting
On startup,XHisho greets you.

.TP 15
Talk
XHisho can play Windows' wave file.

.SH OPERATION
Basic actions.

.TP 12
Click 1 button
Show/Hide menu.

.TP 12
Click 2 button
Show/Hide today's schedule.

.TP 12
Click 3 button
Show/Hide mail check window.

.SH MENU
Menu items.

.TP 20
Show opening message.

.TP 20
Show today's schedule.

.TP 20
Edit schedule.

.TP 20
About XHisho

.TP 20
Quit.

.SH OPTIONS
.I XHisho
has some options.

.TP 20
.BI  \-cgfile " filename"
Specify CG file.

.TP 20
.BI  \-timeout " n"
Timeout for popdown mail window.

.TP 20
.BI  \-mailcheck " n"
Interval for checking local mail spool.

.TP 20
.BI \-filter " command"
Specify external filter command.

.TP 20
.BI \-noclock
Don't show clock.

.TP 20
.BI \-focus 
Sit on active window's title bar.

.TP 20
.BI \-justify " left/center/right"
Specify where sit on.

.TP 20
.BI \-ypos " n"
Height for sitting on title bar.

.TP 20
.BI \-shape
Use transparent BMP background.

.TP 20
.BI \-message " message filename"
Specify message file.

.TP 20
.BI \-scheddir " dir_name"
Specify schedule directory.

.TP 20
.BI \-chime
Use 0-hour chime.

.TP 20
.BI  \-yserver " servername"
Specify Youbin server.

.TP 20
.BI  \-pserver " servername"
Specify POP3 server.

.TP 20
.BI  \-youbin
Use Youbin for biff.

.TP 20
.BI  \-pop
Use POP for biff.

.TP 20
.BI  \-apop
Use APOP for biff.

.SH BUGS
Many :-) If you find bugs,please send me.

.SH AUTHORS
.sp
Ken'ichirou Kimura

HomePage http://www.db.is.kyushu-u.ac.jp/~kimura/xhisho/















